[MUSIC PLAYING]
KAYCE BASQUES: Welcome back.
It's been 12 weeks
since our last "What's
New," which was for Chrome 68.
We skipped 69 because the
team was mostly fixing bugs.
Here's what's new in Chrome 70.
With Live Expressions,
you can monitor
the value of any JavaScript
expression in real time.
In this demo, I need to check
that focus works correctly.
First, I'll add a new style
rule to make it easier
to see which element has focus.
How about a border of five
pixels, solid, and fuchsia?
As I tab through, it looks
like focus disappears
between pasta and sandwich.
So let's use a live expression
to figure out what's happening.
Open the console, click
Create Live Expression,
type
document.activeElement, then
click outside of the
expression to save it.
Now when I tab through the
page, my live expression
shows me what element has focus.
It looks like somebody snuck
an element with the ID tofu
into the page.
To search for this element
in the Elements panel,
I can press Command-F
on Mac or Control-F
on Windows, Linux, and Chrome
OS, and then type "tofu."
Sure enough, there's
the hidden element.
By the way, this search
box supports CSS selectors
and XPath.
Eager Evaluation now
highlights DOM nodes.
Here on the Google homepage,
I have selected the input box.
Typing $0 in the console gives
me a reference to that element.
When I type "$0.parentElement,"
DevTools highlights the parent
of the input in the viewport.
Pretty much any expression
that evaluates to a node
will highlight that
node in the viewport,
such as
document.querySelector image.
You can now enable
network throttling
from the Command menu.
Press Command-Shift-P on
Mac or Control-Shift-P
on Windows, Linux, and Chrome
OS to open the Command menu.
Type "3G," and you now have
options to enable fast 3G
or slow 3G.
When I run the command,
a little warning icon
pops up next to the
Network tab to remind me
that I have throttling enabled.
This is also where I
can disable throttling.
By the way, you can do other
handy stuff from the Command
menu, such as opening
files and running snippets.
Type "?"
to see your options.
The Conditional Breakpoints
UI now supports Autocomplete.
To set a conditional breakpoint
in the Sources panel,
right-click the
line number, then
select Add Conditional
Breakpoint.
The breakpoint will
only trigger when
the expression that you
enter evaluates to true.
As you type, the
autocomplete UI now
pops up to help you type
out your expressions
faster and more accurately.
The Event Listener
Breakpoints pane
now supports Web Audio
lifecycle events.
Here on this demo, I'm making
moody songs in A minor.
I want to see the code that
initializes the audio context,
so I go to the Sources panel
and expand the Event Listener
Breakpoints section, then
expand the Web Audio section,
then check Create Audio Context.
I'm assuming this audio
context is probably
created on page load,
so let's reload the page
and see what happens.
As expected, I pause
on the line of code
that initializes the
audio context even
though I had no idea where
that code was located.
We've got a new experimental
debugger for Node called ndb,
and we'd like your
feedback on it.
On top of the usual
node debugging features
that you get through
DevTools, it also
lets you detect and
attach to child processes,
place breakpoints before
modules are required,
and edit files within
the DevTools UI.
Check out the ndb GitHub repo
and let us know what you think.
Here's a bonus tip.
With the User
Timing API, you can
measure how long it
takes your real users
to complete critical
journeys through your app.
And the performance
panel lets you
visualize these measurements
while you profile the page.
In this demo, I want to
measure how long it takes
users to complete the form.
Let's look at my sloppy code.
When the user
first enters input,
I mark the time by calling
window.performance.mark.
When they click
the Submit button,
I add another mark to note
the completion of the journey.
I then calculate
the duration with
window.performance.measure.
In this case, I'm calling
the journey form interaction.
I can extract the duration
of the journey using
window.performan
ce.getEntriesByName, which
allows me to send the data
to my analytics service.
To visualize the
journey in DevTools,
open the Performance panel,
start a run time recording,
complete the form, click Submit,
and then stop the recording.
DevTools processes everything
that happened on the page
and shows a chronological
log of all the activity.
In the User Timing section,
I can see my custom form
interaction journey.
This makes it easy
to see what activity
occurred while I was completing
the form interaction journey.
Thanks for watching.
Send me questions and
feedback in the comments.
[MUSIC PLAYING]